Source: Reddit
Subreddit: r/UNO
Thread: UNO vs Loyola, Computer science
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/NewOrleans/comments/a4qvpi/uno_vs_loyola_computer_science/

Discussion:
Ok, question to all of you out there that went to UNO for computer science (I know they're are a few here), or went to Loyola and work in the tech industry (if you exist here). Ok, I want to switch into a computer science major, I'm currently a bio major/premed, and I realized I made a mistake and after taking computer science classes (nine credits worth) I want to switch. Ok, so Loyola just started their program, and I really don't know how to gauge it. My question is: should I just transfer to UNO because it is an established program with connections to local companies or just stay at Loyola and try for internships on my own (they're working on getting connections like UNO has, it's literally a brand new degree). I know that UNO has the deal with GE. I'm kinda leaning towards UNO, but I love being at Loyola. Tell me your input Reddit folks.


UNO comp sci program is pretty decent, especially their information assurance program. You'll be able to get a solid job out of it.

It's been rebranded as a cyber security program!


Loyola is a waste for most things that aren't law.

Uno is pretty damn good for csci. There's a bio informatics route there that would interest you. Cyber security abounds as well. Uno is a wise choice. And cheap.

Since you're getting into Information Assurance, I strongly recommend going to the NOLASEC meetings every month. There's someone who posts an invite each month on here, so keep an eye out for that. Classes can't cover everything in technology so take some time to see what's out there.


You may also want to get into bioinformatics considering you have biology experience. Fortunately UNO has classes for both.

Save your money, go to UNO. You might want to consider biomedical/mechanical engineering since you like medicine

Isn’t Loyola pretty expensive? I can’t imagine many scenarios where the education you get there for comp sci would be better than starting your adult life with all that saved tuition in your pocket.


Loyola gave me lots of scholarship money, so debt is not worry. That being said, I think I am leaning towards switching to UNO just because of it being an established program. Also, Loyola is about to be on probation for their accreditation (again); so who even knows if the program will be gutted.

I graduated from Loyola with a BS in Computer Science before they cut the program back in 2006. It was incredibly dumb and short sighted of them to cut the program in the first place, we even voiced our concerns back then. I do well for myself in IT but I know of others in my class who didn't or couldn't follow through with finding a job in the tech field after graduation.

I still have these nightmares about Comp Sci at UNO. It was my senior year, and I took an "Intro to Comp Sci" class as a blowoff (I saved my electives for last). This class was so easy that I literally never went to class, just showed up for the tests. Anyway, I have this recurring nightmare that I accidentally got the date wrong for the exam and ended up missing it and failed the class. I think this has something to do with the fact that it also had a bullshit lab component that I was SUPPOSED to be there for. I showed up for the first and last one, and hand in my work (the final was 'create an excel spreadsheet comparing different computers and describe what would go into your thought process for purchasing one') and the dude tells me that he has to fail me for the lab because I was supposed to be there for 75% of the classes. And I'm like "dude, holy crap, I didn't understand that part, I know this shit, I been doing this shit, look at this" and handed him my presentation (which was very well done) and he was like "ahhh, ok, no prob".

The class was like "this is a computer, this is the screen, and this is the 'keyboard' and thiiisss is a 'c.p.u.'". LOL I guess if I had never seen a computer before, or it was like 1989, it would've been a great class.

